# Harvest Festival

The party arrived at the [[Lantern Harvest]] in the [[Sapphire Square]].  
Taking a look around, [[Bryan]] decided to try some Fairywine, which turned out to be far stronger than anything he had previously tried, causing him to see some fairies off in the distance. He won a toy hammer after attempting a strength challenge.

During this, [[Res]] noticed some shifty individuals and decided to have his fortune read. The Fortune Teller informed him that someone he knew and loved very much would die.

[[Quartztopher]] awkwardly headed to the fountain, climbed up, and stole one of the loose crystals. A small group of children drew an image in chalk on his shell.

Over on the other side, [[Brokk]] was knocking down various barrels and crates like a large bull in a small china shop. He quickly grabbed five dragon pepper skewers and wolfed them down.

[[Tealeaf]] immediately sized up the local population and witnessed a local noble getting pickpocketed by someone in a shimmering grey cloak and a silver half-mask.

A little while later, [[Bryan]], [[Quartztopher]], and [[Brokk]] took part in the drinking contest hosted by [[Tobias Merren]]. None of them won, and [[Brokk]] threw up in his helm. [[Tobias Merren|Tobias]] took a liking to [[Quartztopher]] and told them to come by later if they needed a place to stay.

As the sun began to set, people gathered around the fountain for the launch of the lanterns, and [[Quartztopher]] had the gem he had brought with him pickpocketed without him noticing. As excitement rippled through the crowd, the group experienced something whisper to them:

_"It's time to remember."_

As the group’s eyes were drawn to each other, [[Brokk]] started knocking on his helmet, assuming that the voice was in his head. [[Tealeaf]] started jamming along as she whipped out her bongo drums. The group made their introductions to each other.

---

# Ambush!

Deciding to head to [[The Board and Barrel]], the group was ambushed by a group of bandits in an alleyway. Handling themselves more than capably, [[Quartztopher]] beheaded one of the bandits.

Some guards came over to arrest the remaining bandits, and one of them ([[Donald Stonesworn]]) informed the group that they should go and see [[Maribel Thornwhistle]] for some work at [[The Cloak and Coin]].

---

# Back at the Inn...

The group engaged in some friendly banter with some locals, [[Elric Dane]] and [[Garric Holt]]. [[Tealeaf]] performed with varying degrees of success, and the group learned of [[The Silver Web]], a local thieving gang who had become far bolder in recent years. The group decided to split up the next day to run some errands before meeting at [[The Cloak and Coin]].

[[Res]] found out that [[Kallista Starflare]] had given a lecture recently in the city but had since left.

The group heads to sleep for the night.