# Throne Room
The party enters the throne room of [[The Silent - Korran, Forger of Chains|Korran]], and encounter a large group of cultists in the middle of a ritual, it's intent unknown. The party battle against the cultists, quickly dispatching those assisting the leader in the ritual. As the cultists fall, their spirit is drawn from their bodies and enters the [[Godsbane]] relic that has been placed on the throne. Essence from the resting place of [[The Silent - Korran, Forger of Chains|Korran]] also joins them, and they realise the intent of the ritual - To sacrifice a god. The party is unable to stop the leader of the cultist from casting his spell, sacrificing [[The Silent - Korran, Forger of Chains|Korran]] in order to break [[The Veil of Mercy]].

---
# The Fall
As the spell is broken, and the final cultist slain, [[Bryan]] lay bleeding out on the floor. As [[Brokk]] and [[Tealeaf]] rush to his side to attempt to save him, [[Quartztopher]] stops [[Tealeaf]], and [[Brokk]] was unable to stabilise him. It is in this dark place that [[Bryan]] met his end. [[Tealeaf]] in her grief looted the room, finding the [[Tentacle Rod]], [[Staff of the Python]], [[Potion of Animal Friendship]], and [[Korran's Hammer]].

___
# What now?
The party exit the tomb and find [[Seraphine]], surrounded by the corpses of the last of her men. As [[The Veil of Mercy]] fell, it appears they went insane and tried to attack her. Learning of [[Bryan]]'s fate, she wept and cast [Gentle Repose](http://dnd2024.wikidot.com/spell:gentle-repose), giving the party 10 days to be able to revive him. She tells them that they should head to either [[Eryndor]] or [[Sanctaris Prime]] in order to learn more about the Veil, and its consequences.