# Brawl at the Gate
Deciding to travel through the night, the party head north and make it to the gates of [[Pentara]]. Long queues of refugee's line the roads, guarded by knights of [[The Order of the Sun]] as opposed to the [[City Watch]]. [[Quartztopher]] attempted to intimidate his way past the guards to skip the queue, and the confrontation turned violent. As his party members watched on, [[Quartztopher]] was arrested and thrown in jail. The others decided to await their turn, and upon hearing of the curfew in the city, headed to [[The Court of Miracles]], a tavern [[Tealeaf]] had grown fond of during her time in the city.

---
# First Night back
As the party get situated, they strike up a conversation with [[Pindlewick Fizz|Pindle]], the eccentric owner. He shows off an assortment of magical rings for sale before the tortle-less party head to bed. [[Tealeaf]] inquires after her old necromancer acquaintance, [[Schwim]], however he is nowhere to be seen.
Spending his night in jail, [[Quartztopher]] is awoken in the early hours of the morning to a knock on his cell door. [[Garric Holt]] breaks [[Quartztopher]] out of jail and takes him back to [[The Board and Barrel]], where [[Tobias Merren]] and a large crowd from the [[Quartztopher Fan Club]] eagerly awaited his return. 

---
# The Fan Club Royal Rumble
The party manage to eventually reunite at [[The Court of Miracles]] after missing one another a couple of times. [[Tealeaf]] decided to test out a ring given to her by [[Pindlewick Fizz|Pindle]], and ends up shooting [[Quartztopher]] in the face with it. As the blast from the [[Phantasmal Evocation Weapon - Projected Explosive Wrath]] deals damage to him, the [[Quartztopher Fan Club]] erupts in anger and begins a bar fight. As [[Quartztopher]] sits and plays cards with the children of the fan club, [[Res]] decides to go shopping and avoid the scuffle. Relishing in the chaos, [[Tealeaf]], [[Brokk]] and [[Elias]] are victorious, and after the commotion head out to go to the [[Temple Heights]]. 

___
# Consequences
On their way they are stopped by [[Tessa]], who tells them that [[Cassian Drake]], leader of [[The Silver Web]] has killed [[Maribel Thornwhistle]] and burned down [[The Cloak and Coin]] in revenge for her assisting the party in the heist on [[House Vaeloras]]. She begs their assistance and informs them that [[Cassian Drake]] has been searching beneath [[Pentara]] for something, and is currently meeting someone at the [[Temple Heights]]. 