# To the Church!
The party head to [[Temple Heights]] with [[Tessa]] in tow. They arrive and inquire with [[The Order of the Sun]] about a possible resurrection for [[Bryan]], and are told to head across the square to [[The Order of Harmony]]'s church. Crossing past the fountain of [[The Serene - Ishtar, Voice of Still Waters|Ishtar]] they notice [[Bryan]]'s holy relic glowing, and placing his body in the water brings back a hint of warmth to his skin. The party take note of the statues of four gods with their hands out. [[Elias]] and [[Tessa]] climb above the Church of [[The Serene - Ishtar, Voice of Still Waters|Ishtar]] to spy on the meeting between [[Cassian Drake]] and [[Aethran Voss]], learning that [[Aethran Voss|Aethran]] is searching for more [[Godsbane]] relics and for a way to get underground. The rest head inside the church and leave [[Bryan]]'s body in the care of his order.

---
# Sidequests
[[Quartztopher]] and [[Res]] head over to the University of [[Pentara]] to attend a guest lecture given by [[Kallista Starflare]]. As they entered they found that they are the only people to attend, and in her joy, [[Kallista Starflare|Kallista]] gives both of them a [[Feywild Shard]], and [[Res]] gains the power to use his wild magic intentionally.
[[Elias]], [[Tealeaf]], and [[Brokk]] head back to the tavern but on the way they encounter [[Kazrak Gemthane|Kazrak]] in the midst of a fight with some attempted bandits, however he is easily able to fend them off. He say's an emotional farewell to [[Brokk]] and helps identify a few items for the party: [[Rune of Order]], [[Korran's Ring]] and The [[Blacksmiths Hammer]]. He also gave [[Brokk]] a blank rune, which can be enchanted with magic.

---
# Cleaning out the cobwebs
The party meet back up at [[The Court of Miracles]] and hatch an intricate and cunning plan: To walk through the front door of the [[Smiling Bear Tavern]], hideout of [[The Silver Web]]. Quickly dispatching the guards, [[Elias]] headed inside to parlay with [[Cassian Drake]] whilst the rest of the party head round underneath his window. Breaking in and dispatching of [[Cassian Drake]], [[Tessa]] claims her revenge for the murder of [[Maribel Thornwhistle]]. Unbeknownst to the rest of the party, [[Elias]] took a huge chunk of gold as well as the deed for the [[Smiling Bear Tavern]]. Having beheaded [[Cassian Drake]], they take his head back to [[The Court of Miracles]] and [[Tealeaf]] performs a ritualistic séance, casting speak with dead to determine that [[Aethran Voss]] had discovered the location of [[Ishtar's Rest]] underneath the fountain in [[Temple Heights]], and had the required [[Godsbane]] to open it.

___
# Decide
The next morning, the party head back up to [[Temple Heights]] and begin to place [[Godsbane]] in the hands of the statues of the gods. Using two of the relics they had found, as well as [[Res]]' amulet and a dagger that [[Quartztopher]] had found a years prior, they were able to trigger the mechanism to descend below to [[Ishtar's Rest]]. There, they find [[Aethran Voss]] prepared to kill [[The Serene - Ishtar, Voice of Still Waters|Ishtar]] in her slumber. As they approach, he offers them a deal - In return for letting him kill [[The Serene - Ishtar, Voice of Still Waters|Ishtar]] he would revive [[Bryan]]. Initially hostile, the party engage him in combat and find themselves struggling against his wide array of magical abilities. As the battle continued, [[Tealeaf]] began to realise that they would not be able to stop [[Aethran Voss|Aethran]] from striking a killing blow, and accepts his deal. [[Aethran Voss|Aethran]] gave her the knife and told her that [[Bryan]] could be spared. Wrestling with the burden of this decision, [[Tealeaf]] makes up her mind and steps forward.

___
# Deicide
As [[Tealeaf]] plunged the knife into [[The Serene - Ishtar, Voice of Still Waters|Ishtar]]'s chest, [[Bryan]] sits up with a gasp. Unaware of the sacrifice given to bring him back, he finds himself in a familiar place. Spotting some injured civilians, he attempts to heal them with lay on hands, but finds that his prayers return unanswered. Reaching for his mace, he strikes a nearby statue, divine energy cracking around him. There can only be one reason for this, he concludes.
Underground, [[Aethran Voss]]' simulacrum simply gives up the fight, and allows the party to kill it.
[[Aethran Voss|Aethran]] takes another step towards his goals.