# Bryan's Return
The party meet back up with [[Bryan]], overjoyed with seeing him alive. He discovered that [[The Serene - Ishtar, Voice of Still Waters|Ishtar]] has been killed, and they hear a whisper in their minds: "It's all coming undone. You must stop him."
As the party are getting [[Bryan]] back up to speed, an arrow lands at his feet, with a note attached that reads: "I'm coming for you - RH."
___
# Desecration
The party head back into the church of Ishtar, and provide the receptionist with a nice cup of tea thanks to the [[Tea Weird]]. The party decide to attempt to use speak with dead to speak with [[The Serene - Ishtar, Voice of Still Waters|Ishtar]]'s remains. Heading back down into [[Ishtar's Rest]], [[Brokk]] notices a candle made of black wax, burned down, the holder broken.  As [[Tealeaf]] begins her spirit session, [[The Serene - Ishtar, Voice of Still Waters|Ishtar]]'s corpse sits up. 
___
# Questions
The party begin asking questions:
_Do you know where the other gods are buried?_
"We are spread about [[Pentara]]. [[The Silent - Korran, Forger of Chains|Korran]] buried to the south, [[The Verdant Warden - Thalen, the Rooted King|Thalen]] buried under [[Eryndor]], [[The Blooming Mother - Lysara, Heart of the Harvest|Lysara]] buried under [[Mount Aurelion]], [[Pyra]] buried under [[Tortoga]], [[Solara]] buried under [[Sanctaris Prime]], and my sister [[Elia]] buried on the [[Shifting Isles]]."
_What is the Veil?_
"Long ago, at the forming of the prison we call [[index|Concordia]], my sister [[Elia]] cast a spell known as [[The Veil of Mercy]] across the mortals of this realm, sealing their memories of [[Vel'Kareth]] in the island itself, and casting a mist that seals the existence of the Island from the rest of the world."
_Are you aware that your sister has been speaking with us?_
"My sister speaks to people in their dreams, and has always had an affinity for telepathy."
_Why should we stop [[Vel'Kareth]] from escaping?_
"[[Vel'Kareth]] represents the end of existence itself. His influence seeps through dreams, madness and corruption. We waged war against him in order to seal away evil incarnate for the benefit of the world."
_How can we stop the black harvest?_
"The black harvest represents the chains that bind [[Vel'Kareth]] failing. As his influence grows and spreads, so to will the effects of the black harvest. Now that the veil has fallen, the whole world is in danger. Seek my sister, she will know how to seal [[Vel'Kareth]] away."
___
# Exit
As the party leaves, [[Bryan]] takes a moment to inspect the candle, finding out that the candle was used in a necromancy ritual. Arriving back at the surface they encounter [[Seraphine]] and [[William Marshall]] arguing with members of [[The Order of the Sun]]. [[Seraphine]] informs the party that [[Aethran Voss|Aethran]] is likely heading to [[Eryndor]] in order to kill his old friend [[Caelthir Vaeloras|Caelthir]]. The party plan to rent a boat to head to [[Whisperfen]], a small coastal town east of [[Eryndor]], and decide to retire for the night at [[The Court of Miracles]]. It is revealed that [[Elias]] has renamed the [[Smiling Bear Tavern]] to "The Matador". 
[[Pindlewick Fizz|Pindle]] let them know that ferries and shipping tends to leave early in the morning. The party buy [[Mask of Mediocre Elvish]] from him and attempt to paint over it, however they find that it cannot be painted on. 
___
# Shopping!
The party head to a dwarven blacksmith to get [[Bryan]]'s chainmail repaired, but get side-tracked into shopping. [[Bryan]] tried on some rather expensive plate armor, but instead decided on purchasing some Splint Armor, which [[Tealeaf]] paid 200 gold for. She also purchased herself some Studded Leather Armor. The DM also stupidly allowed everyone to purchase a [[Ring of Protection]].
