# Reward!
Back at [[The Cloak and Coin]], the party found [[Tessa]] working behind the bar. She gave payment, and asked the group not to tell [[Maribel Thornwhistle|Maribel]] about the ledger that they found in the basement of the abandoned farm. 

---
# Back at Kazraks
Returning back to [[Kazrak & Kin Jewelsteel Consortium]], the group do some shopping and haggling, purchasing various weapons and tools. [[Quartztopher]] sells his recently recovered 

---
# Chaos...
The group head to a local wizards shop, and [[Quartztopher]] sells the Goblin Chief tusks, and [[Bryan]] threw the head to [[Tealeaf]], who volleyed the head straight into a shelf holding a bunch of potions. [[Bryan]] managed to catch all but one of them, which splashes over [[Tealeaf]] and gives her stoneskin.
[[Quartztopher]] tries to threaten the shop owner to give him a discount by pouring a random effect potion on the floor, which promptly exploded into flames, knocking out the owner. [[Res]] manages to put out the fire, and [[Tealeaf]] stole a couple of potions on her way out.

---

# Back at the bar
The group headed back to [[The Cloak and Coin]] to find out about more work, to which [[Maribel Thornwhistle|Maribel]] tells them that she will send details of the next quest over to [[Tobias Merren|Tobias]] at their local inn.

---
# Is this DM stupid?
On their way back to [[The Board and Barrel]], the group ran into a commotion in the street, where a few guards were fighting some cultists. One of the cultists execute a commoner, and after the cultists were defeated, a Death Knight Aspirant appeared from the commoners body. Killing the guards, and then swiftly knocking down all but [[Tealeaf]]. As they lay bleeding out, they once again hear a voice inside of their heads:

*"Seek the relics of the ancients"*

As death came upon the group, [[Ser Eldric Solarith]] appeared, having heard the commotion, and banished the Death Knight, before casting mass healing word, and saving the group, and swiftly leaving to re-join his patrol.

