# Back at the Tavern
Having returned from their near death experience, the players slept deep back at [[The Board and Barrel]]. When they awakened, they found [[Tobias Merren|Tobias]] downstairs, preparing breakfast, and were presented with a few quests. One of these was a note to [[Bryan]] from [[Neressa Vhal|Neressa]] asking him and his party to come to the [[Temple Heights]] at once, another was from [[Maribel Thornwhistle|Maribel]] informing the group of a previously promised quest, and the third was from [[Tobias Merren|Tobias]] himself, asking the group if they wouldn't mind staying in a nearby warehouse tonight, as it kept on getting broken into by [[The Silver Web]].

# Exposition time!
The group visited [[Neressa Vhal|Neressa]], who informed them of the existence of [[Godsbane]], a powerful and yet seemingly inert material said to have been forged during an alliance of both gods and the mortal realm. She showed the party a ring made of this alloy, and informed them that [[The Order of Chaos]] have recently discovered the existence of [[Godsbane]]. The [[Letter to Neressa]] that [[Bryan]] delivered informed [[Neressa Vhal|Neressa]] that another fragment of it had been recently uncovered, a revelation which had clearly caused her an unusual level of concern. She then pleaded the party to steal for her the other known relic of [[Godsbane]], held inside of the [[Aetherium Vault]] owned by [[House Vaeloras]], and to help she told the party of an upcoming social masquerade ball that is to be held at their manor in a couple of days time.

# A missing shipment
After a lengthy session of loredumping, the party headed to meet Marra Vellin at the request of [[Maribel Thornwhistle|Maribel]], who asked them to locate a wagon that had disappeared somewhere along its journey from [[Old Hart's Run]] to [[Pentara]]. The group quickly rented themselves a wagon, and headed along the road until they came across some broken boxes at the side of the track, some bearing the logo of [[Kazrak Gemthane]]. Heading into the forest to follow some footprints, they stumbled across [[Torvin Hearthome]] and his goat, and quickly decided to leave the old man to his solitude. A short while later they ran into a group of apparent thieves huddled around a fire. Despite a warm welcome, the group decided to mindlessly slaughter the four of them, and later learned that they were in fact a small band of outlaws led by [[Robin of Hood]], and were investigating [[House Drake]] and their involvement with [[The Silver Web]], and had hijacked the wagon as it contained stolen goods, including some diagrams and blueprints made by [[Kazrak Gemthane|Kazrak]], who the group later returned to to give back those documents. They also looted some red potions and a set of Tarot cards. The group did at least give the slaughtered men proper burials, and [[Quartztopher]] left a note saying "[[Bryan]] was here", before returning to Marra Vellin and returning the goods she stole to her.


