# Back at the Inn
Returning back to [[The Board and Barrel]], the group quickly head upstairs to wash the blood from their clothes. Meeting [[Tobias Merren|Tobias]] downstairs, he gave [[Bryan]] the key to his Storehouse as well as a pass that will allow the group access to the [[Docks]].

---
# The Storehouse Thieves
The group head to the Warehouse and set up for the night. [[Bryan]] set a few traps beneath some windows and the group helped themselves to some salted pork and dwarven ale. Before long, the shipment arrived, and shortly after the party heard a bandit get stuck in the trap that [[Bryan]] had previously set. [[Brokk]] threw a chair to distract one of the bandits that had broken in and [[Res]] set him on fire, killing him instantly. [[Quartztopher]] broke down a wall, causing it to collapse on one of the remaining bandits. During this, [[Tealeaf]], drunk on the dwarven ale, tried her best to use one of the bolts that had been shot at her as a weapon, forgetting perhaps her abilities as a spellcaster.
The scuffle was short lived, as the party restrained the bandit captain and intimidated him into surrendering, and they offered the remaining bandits a job - To help them in the upcoming heist.
A short while later, after the bandits had left, the group broke into both a small chest and the drawers in the office. [[Quartztopher]] discovered a set of magical paints, designed to enhance the protection of his shell.
[[Tealeaf]] tried (and succeeded) in stealing a large sum of gold from [[Tobias Merren|Tobias]], and replacing it with counterfeit coin.
[[Tessa]] revealed herself as having been there the entire time, undetected by the party. She explained that [[Maribel Thornwhistle|Maribel]] currently works for [[The Silver Web]], although not willingly. [[Tessa]] wishes for her and [[Maribel Thornwhistle|Maribel]] to escape the employ of [[Cassian Drake]], who [[Maribel Thornwhistle|Maribel]] reports to. To that end she has volunteered to assist the group in the upcoming heist, and in return would like assistance in taking down [[The Silver Web]].

---
# Planning the Heist
The group returned back to [[The Board and Barrel]], collected their payment and headed upstairs for a long rest. In the morning, they went to meet both the bandit captain and [[Tessa]] at a private room in [[The Cloak and Coin]]. It is here they began their preparations for the heist.
To that effect, they sent everyone off with tasks to complete before returning at 16:00:
[[Res]] - 
Try and speak to people at your university to try and find out what sort of Arcane defences there are
[[Bryan]] - 
Head to the church to try and acquire funding and supplies
[[Quartztopher]] -
Head to the Manor to investigate it and its surroundings
[[Tealeaf]] and [[Brokk]] -
Attempt to kidnap a nobleman that has been invited to the party, to find out information about it and potentially impersonate them
[[Tessa]] - 
Head to the local thieving guild to investigate rumours of a tunnel into the manor
Bandit Leader -
Observe the people entering and exiting the manor