# Arrival to the party
[[Tealeaf]] and [[Bryan]] took the invitation they stole from Dame Garnet Thorne, and utilising the disguise self spell, were escorted into the party ballroom where they mingled with the other invitees.
[[Brokk]] and [[Res]] took one of the bandits, and smuggled themselves in with the groups equipment via a supply wagon that they had highjacked earlier on in the day. Whilst exploring, Res decided to pick (and lose) a fight with a veteran war horse, and fled beaten and bloodied.
Meanwhile, [[Quartztopher]] took the remaining bandits and (eventually) managed to gain access via the side entrance, after failing to grappling hook his way up onto the church.

---
# Exploring the Manor
After some time, the party regrouped in the library and discovered some arcane gargoyles, which seemed to respond to certain elements. Heading upstairs the party discovered several more gargoyles, each responding to different elements. A small fight broke out in the storehouse, but the party managed to dispatch the enemies before being discovered thanks to some creative use of some stolen sending stones.

During the session, the party discovered a few magical items and weapons:
[[Brokk]] met up with [[Kazrak Gemthane|Kazrak]] before the heist began, and was given the [[Gemthane Arm]], a magical prosthesis that holds great potential for upgrades.
[[Quartztopher]] found the [[Boots of ElvenKind]], and a magical staff which he renamed as [[Reek]], in memory of one of the fallen bandits.
[[Res]] discovered the [[Ring of Spell Storing]] in the family museum.
[[Tealeaf]] found both the [[Cloak of Billowing]], and an ancient elven family sword known as the [[Moonblade]].


---
# Boss Fight!
After activating all of the gargoyles, the party discovered a set of stairs leading down to the Aetherium Vault, where they discovered the [[Godsbane]] relic guarded by the Valorean Arc-Sentinel, a formidable arcane golem created by [[House Vaeloras]] to guard their vault. After a tough fought battle in which a couple of the bandits (including Reek) died, the party were able to defeat the golem and claim their prize, before exiting the manor via the sewer tunnels.

