# Escape from the Manor
The party make a daring break away from Manor house, sneaking past the remaining guards and headed back to [[The Cloak and Coin]], where they met [[Tessa]]. She seemed upset that the party had not upheld their end of the bargain to defeat [[The Silver Web]]. [[Quartztopher]] decided that [[Res]] and [[Tealeaf]] had not taken enough damage during the heist, and so started to attack his allies. Heading back to [[The Board and Barrel]] the party continued their infighting. Deciding that the cause of this infighting must be the [[Moonblade]] that [[Tealeaf]] found, [[People/Bryan]] attempted and failed to take the sword off her. In response, [[Tealeaf]] cast Tasha's hideous laughter on [[People/Bryan]], causing him to immediately drop prone, finding everything hilarious. [[People/Brokk]] started doing tricks with the [[Gemthane Arm]], causing [[People/Bryan]] to soil himself in laughter. In fury, once the spell effect ended, [[People/Bryan]] struck [[Tealeaf]] and used his smite, instantly downing her. Taking ownership of the [[Moonblade]], he picked up [[Tealeaf]] and the party heads to the [[Temple Heights]]. 

---
# At the Church
Heading to the church to find [[Neressa Vhal|Neressa]], [[People/Bryan]] took a quick detour to the toilets to clean himself up. [[Tealeaf]] is healed by the receptionist, and the party headed to the main hall of [[The Order of Harmony]]. At the altar, [[Neressa Vhal|Neressa]] stood, dishevelled and reading a book with a panicked fervour. She paid no notice to the party who attempted to talk to her. [[People/Bryan]] took the book and threw it behind him, demanding she pay them heed, showing her the [[Godsbane]] ring they found during the heist. [[Neressa Vhal|Neressa]] lifted her hand and removed the matching ring, giving it to [[People/Bryan]]. Immediately upon receiving the matched ring, a now familiar voice boomed in the back of the parties mind:
"The veil is fading, come to me."
Upon losing the ring, [[Neressa Vhal|Neressa]] became vacant and expressionless, muttering to herself "It's coming". [[Tealeaf]], attempting to snap her out of it, slapped her across the face, prompting [[Neressa Vhal|Neressa]] to smile and say "Vel’kareth will take you all", before cursing [[Tealeaf]]. In the ensuing fight, [[People/Brokk]] restrained her and [[Tealeaf]] attempted to use detect thoughts, and detected an intense fear coming from deep withing [[Neressa Vhal|Neressa]]'s mind, causing her to go completely mad. [[People/Bryan]] once again used smite, dealing an incredible amount of damage, which was shortly followed by [[Quartztopher]] who attacked her with [[Reek's Resolve]]. As he struck [[Neressa Vhal|Neressa]] with the staff, [[Quartztopher]]'s mind began to remember training with a quarterstaff through the power of *Tortellini*, and he learned a new way of using it for mobility. [[People/Brokk]] then proceeded to break [[Neressa Vhal|Neressa]]'s neck. As the now lifeless corpse of [[Neressa Vhal|Neressa]] fell to the floor, a black mist similar to those affected by [[The Black Harvest]] left her body, and a blinding light exploded around the party. In an instant, the party found themselves falling from the sky, their destiny uncertain.