In the wake of [[The Scorched Cure]], the world of [[index|Concordia]] remains in a precarious balance. While the burning of the blighted lands has slowed the spread of [[The Black Harvest]], it has not altogether eradicated it. In a world where those infected are marked for death, fear has turned inward, the people now dread their leaders almost as much as the corruption itself. Refugees from affected villages flee in their hundreds in an attempt to find safe lands, only to find themselves turned away by the inhabitants.

Against this backdrop, [[Pentara]] stands as a shining beacon of hope, seemingly untouched by the curse. It is there, on the day of the [[Lantern Harvest]], that the party found themselves. As the lanterns began to rise, a voice echoed in the back of their minds. Soft, tired, sorrowful, it spoke to them in a moment of perfect stillness:

*"It's time to remember"*

Drawn together by this shared experience, the five joined together to form an improbable fellowship, and began their journey together.

Meeting various colourful characters, the party began to do some work for [[Maribel Thornwhistle]], adoptive mother of [[Tessa]]. During this work they found various rumours and clues linking a local thieving guild known as [[The Silver Web]] to [[Cassian Drake]], the youngest child of [[House Drake]], as well as to a cult that had recently formed. The group encountered some members of this cult in the streets, who in a ritualistic sacrifice summoned a death knight, which nearly ended the parties journey short. As they laid bleeding out, the same voice as before whispered in their minds:

*"Seek the relics of the ancients"*

In a fortunate twist of fate, the party were saved by [[Ser Eldric Solarith]], who vanquished the death knight and healed the party.

During the work for [[Maribel Thornwhistle|Maribel]], the party met a group known as [[The Merry Men]], a group investigating and sabotaging the plans of [[The Silver Web]]. In the ensuing skirmish, the party defeated and killed this group, as they mistook them for thieves. 

In the few days the party were in the capital, they discovered the existence of an alloy known as [[Godsbane]], which seemed to resist the effects of [[The Black Harvest]]. Through [[Bryan]]'s contacts at the Church of [[The Serene - Ishtar, Voice of Still Waters|Ishtar]], they met [[Neressa Vhal]], who explained to them its importance, and also of the threat of a recent cult that had formed. The cult seemed to also be searching for [[Godsbane]] relics. This culminated in a heist in which a ring of [[Godsbane]] was recovered from the [[Aetherium Vault]] at [[Neressa Vhal|Neressa]]'s request. Returning back to the church, they discovered that [[Neressa Vhal|Neressa]] had been driven mad, and as soon as she relinquished her ring to [[Bryan]] she began to attack the party. As she died, a blinding light flashed around the party, and they found themselves falling. 
A now familiar voice echoed in their minds:

*"The veil is fading, come to me."*
