# Meeting with a God
The party found themselves in a dreamscape, empty but for a small temple, with a symbol carved onto the door - A closed eye, with a single teardrop falling into a lake. Entering the temple they find a small androgynous figure, floating asleep above a pool of water, its hair long and interwoven with the structure of the temple. A voice rung out in their minds, one that they had heard before. It revealed itself to be a God, a sibling of [[The Serene - Ishtar, Voice of Still Waters|Ishtar]]. It requested the party to seek more of the [[Godsbane]] relics.

___
# Loredump
The voice explained that [[Godsbane]] was needed to repair the chains that bind [[Vel'Kareth]].
Long before the existence of [[index|Concordia]], [[The Serene - Ishtar, Voice of Still Waters|Ishtar]] formed a concord between the mortal races and the divine in order to fight against [[Vel'Kareth]], and in the war formed the alloy [[Godsbane]] to imprison it beneath [[index|Concordia]]. 
The voice then explained that as an act of mercy, knowledge of [[Vel'Kareth]] was struck from the minds of the mortals on [[index|Concordia]], as the mere memory of it gave it power, and drove mortal minds mad. Recently, mortals  have once again begun to remember [[Vel'Kareth]], giving it power and causing the decay of the prison that binds it, manifesting in the effects known as [[The Black Harvest]]. 
As the party began to wake up, they are left only with one clue as to what to do next.

"Seek the Elf"

___
# An encounter with the Fey
The party awaken in a clearing, south of an unknown mountain range. [[Res]], using a bat familiar known as Malice, found evidence of a small hut several miles north into the forest. Taking the path deeper into the woods, [[Quartztopher]] ran off at full sprint, whilst the party followed behind.
A couple of miles into the woods, [[Quartztopher]] accidentally trod on a small fairy ring of mushrooms, destroying the home of a small family of Pixies, and killing the youngest. 
Chaos ensued, and the family began to fight the group, but were slain as their bloodlust was unable to be quelled. [[Tealeaf]] found a small [[Talking Doll]] on the body of the younger sister Pixie, and the party camped for the night. 