# The Lonely Man
Continuing on the path, the party run into a Woman and a Dog, kneeling and praying at a shrine dedicated to [[The Verdant Warden - Thalen, the Rooted King|Thalen]]. Paying them little head, they continue until they reach a fork in the road, and they continue forwards into the thickets. After a few hours of travel, they come across a derelict hut owned by [[Faelar]] who helps them establish that they are near a small village known as [[Stonebrook]]. 

___
# Lost In Transit
As the party head back to the fork in the road, they notice that they are somehow very lost, and more time has passed than they realised. Upon some investigation, they realise they are being tricked by a small Pixie, who promises to take them to the village. The party follows the Pixie but before long realises that she is taking them the scenic route, so they threatened her, forcing her to show them the correct path. 

Back on the right path, they see the same Woman and Dog as yesterday, and this time decide to engage them in conversation. Rumours are that [[Stonebrook]] is marked for death as it is inflicted with [[The Black Harvest]]. The dog transforms and reveals himself as [[Orimis]], a friend of [[Faelar]], and begs the party to assist the village in defending it.

___
# Stonebrook
Arriving at the village, the party strikes a deal with [[Orimis]] to smuggle his family out of the village, and in return they can have a boat with which to sail away. As the party deal with the emotion of exploring a village they know is doomed to die, [[Res]] tries his best to help aid the villagers. [[Orimis]] introduces the party to his wife Giselle, and 3 children. Sailing down (Or swimming in [[Quartztopher]]'s case) they soon come to a blockade by [[The Order of the Pale]], and [[Bryan]] is escorted out of the boat into the camp, leaving the party and [[Orimis]]' family in the boat. The party strike up conversation with the family, and they sense some sort of unease coming from them. 
A single arrow flies out from the forest, and strikes one of the guards in the camp.